README.md, before:

# llm-mock

A mock server for Large Language Model (LLM) APIs, supporting OpenAI, Ollama, Gemini and AWS Bedrock endpoints. Useful for testing and development without relying on actual LLM services.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository:
	```sh
	git clone rancher-sandbox/rancher-ai-llm-mock.git
	cd rancher-ai-llm-mock
	```

2. Build and run with Go:
	```sh
	go run ./cmd/main.go
	```
	Or use Docker:
	```sh
	docker build -t llm-mock .
	docker run -p 8083:8083 llm-mock
	```
    Or use Helm:
    ```sh
    helm install llm-mock chart/llm-mock \
        --namespace your-namespace \
        --create-namespace
    ```

The server will start on http://localhost:8083

## Controlling Responses
You can control the mock responses using the `/v1/control` endpoints:

- `POST /v1/control/push`: Push a mock response to the queue. Example body:
	```json
	{
		"agent": "Rancher",
		"text": {
			"chunks": ["Hello", " world!"]
		},
		"tool": {
			"name": "example_tool",
			"args": {
				"key": "value"
			}
		}
	}
	```
	The next model API call will stream text chunks as response and use tool for MCP invocation.

- `POST /v1/control/clear`: Clear the mock response queue.

If the queue is empty, default mock responses will be used.

See the [OpenAPI spec](openapi.yaml) for full API details.

Commit message:

Code refactoring - implement response handler
Signed-off-by: Francesco Torchia <francesco.torchia@suse.com>

README.md, after:

# llm-mock

A mock server for Large Language Model (LLM) APIs, supporting OpenAI, Ollama, Gemini and AWS Bedrock endpoints. Useful for testing and development without relying on actual LLM services.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository:
	```sh
	git clone rancher-sandbox/rancher-ai-llm-mock.git
	cd rancher-ai-llm-mock
	```

2. Build and run with Go:
	```sh
	go run ./cmd/main.go
	```
	Or use Docker:
	```sh
	docker build -t llm-mock .
	docker run -p 8083:8083 llm-mock
	```
    Or use Helm:
    ```sh
    helm install llm-mock chart/llm-mock \
        --namespace your-namespace \
        --create-namespace
    ```

The server will start on http://localhost:8083

## Controlling Responses
You can control the mock responses using the `/v1/control` endpoints:

- `POST /v1/control/push`: Push a mock response to the queue. Example body:
	```json
	{
		"agent": "Rancher",
		"text": {
			"chunks": ["Hello", " world!"]
		},
		"tool": {
			"name": "example_tool",
			"args": {
				"key": "value"
			}
		}
	}
	```
	The next model API call will stream text chunks as response and use tool for MCP invocation.
	The MCP tool must be one of the supported tools of the agent in request.

- `POST /v1/control/clear`: Clear the mock response queue.

If the response queue is empty, default mock responses will be used.

See the [OpenAPI spec](openapi.yaml) for full API details.
